fix/point-payment-intent-status (#2094)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/integration-api/create-payment-intent.en.md

}'
```

| Field | Description |
|---|---|

> | `amount` | Total amount of the payment intent. <br>**Minimum amount allowed**: 500 (POS devices), 100 (SMART devices). <br>**Maximum amount allowed**: 400000000 (both devices). <br>**Important**: this field does not allow decimal points. Therefore, if you want to generate a payment intent, you must consider the two decimals of the value in its total. For example: to generate payment order value "15.00" you must enter "1500". |

Author: ```suggestion
| `amount` | Total amount of the payment intent. <br>**Minimum amount allowed**: 500 (POS and SMART devices). <br>**Maximum amount allowed**: 400000000 (both devices). <br>**Important**: this field does not allow decimal points. Therefore, if you want to generate a payment intent, you must consider the two decimals of the value in its total. For example: to generate payment order value "15.00" you must enter "1500". |
```

------------

> WARNING
>
> Important
>

> > If you receive a `confirmation_required` status as a response to the payment intention, you must check on your device the status of the payment, using the `payment_id` given in said response. Do not deliver your service or product until you verify it.

Author: ```suggestion
> `Confirmation_required` is a final status and will not change. If you receive it as a response to the payment intent, you must check on your device the status of the payment, using the `payment_id` given in said response. Do not deliver your service or product until you verify it.
```
